Add RabbitMQ support (#1328)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/supported-technologies.asciidoc

side will be a part of the same trace containing the producer side as well. Kafka streams are not traced.
|1.13.0

|RabbitMQ
|3.x - 5.x
|The agent captures RabbitMQ Message sends and consumes.  

> When the producer send message within a traced transaction, a span will be created and a transaction is created when consumes a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the producer sends a message within a traced transaction, a send span will be created and the transaction resulting from the message consumption will be correlated to the same trace. When a message is consumed, a transaction is created, regardless if the send action is traced.
```

side will be a part of the same trace containing the producer side as well. Kafka streams are not traced.
|1.13.0

|RabbitMQ
|3.x - 5.x
|The agent captures RabbitMQ Message sends, consumption and polling.
When the producer sends a message within a traced transaction, a send span will be created and the transaction resulting
from the message consumption will be correlated to the same trace.
When a message is consumed, a transaction is created, regardless if the send action is traced.
When a message is polled, a span is created for the polling operation and optionally have message fields if a message
has been returned.

> |1.19.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1.20.0
```

|===

For RabbitMQ:

- `context.message.queue.name` field will contain queue name when using polling, exchange name otherwise.

> - `context.message.destination.resource` field will contain `rabbitmq` for the default exchange and `rabbitmq/XXX` for named exchanges

Reviewer: Always with the exchange, normalized when it is the default
